Bachelor’s/Master Degree, preferably in Analytics, statistics, mathematics or business/marketing management
7 years + working experience in business performance analysis reporting, data analysis, with independent thoughts and insight.
Experience in business, strategy and/or tech consulting would be an advantage
Experience of managing teams and senior stakeholders.
Ability to perceive opportunities from mass data
Experienced SQL skill, as well as basic analytical tool such as SAS, SPSS etc.
Experience in leading cross BU level analysis projects
Excellent communication skills and interpersonal skills.
Results and detail orientated with a strong emphasis on problem solving
English is must, E-commerce experience is a plus
In order to succeed in the role, you should ideally have:
3+ years of experience in manual QA and 2+ years of experiences in Automation
1+ years of experience in test design & test analytics.
API testing experience highly preferred.
Experience in Java is a plus
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Ability to learn new technologies quickly.
Ability to work independently and be self-directed.
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent.
Upper Intermediate in English.
5+ years of experience in Java as Software Engineer building web applications.
2+ years of managing the team of developers
Excellent Java programming skills with understanding of JVM, IO and multithreading.
Hands on experience with Spring framework including ORM, Transactions with Core Container and web services.
Strong knowledge of OOP, design patterns, data structures and algorithms.
Proficiency in working with relational database management systems under high load.
Experience with the HTTP/REST/JSON-RPC protocols, docker and microservice architecture.
A strong sense for code quality and experience with unit and functional tests
Knowledge of Golang is a plus.
A positive attitude, be proactive and a team player.
The ability to work independently.
Intermediate to advanced verbal English skills.
Experience working in a fast paced e-commerce/internet organization and dynamic environment.
Qualifications in Business Administration, Web/ Apps Development.
 02-to-03-years-experience in E-Commerce or Management Consulting experience
Excellent on data management.
Have a perfect knowledge of the different consumer platforms (web and app) and customer journeys
Demonstrated ability to handle multiple tasks, to prioritize them and meet deadlines.
Highly energetic and self-motivated, entrepreneurial attitude to quickly dive deep into issues to determine root causes of problems and implement scalable solutions
Ability to work in a regional matrix and with stakeholders on a variety of levels, enforcing standards and guidelines.
Excellent written and verbal communication and organization skills; fluent in English.
Prior experience with content management systems.
Prior experience with A/B or multivariate testing strongly preferred.
Qualifications & Skills
Bachelor’s Degree in Finance, Data Management, Business Administration or related field from an accredited higher learning institution.
At least 03-year experience in data & business analysis. Ability and proven record in working with large data set
Ability to communicate and work effectively with all levels of management
Excellent communication, organizational skills, ability to manage multiple projects effectively
This role requires an entrepreneurial individual with strong hands on eCommerce expertise
Thrives in a fast-paced, collaborative environment, efficiently works under pressures, within deadlines or other time essential constraints.
Flexible, adaptive and versatile attitude 
Proven ability to communicate with culturally diverse teams across a variety of functions
Adept at problem solving and managing multiple projects efficiently and timely
Attention to detail and inquisitiveness are a plus
Have business acumen and good understanding of platform operation
Familiarity with seller’s life cycle and Lazada’s ops is a plus
Needs flexibility and ability to learn, coachable
In order to success in this role, you should ideally have:
Qualifications in Business Administration, Marketing.
5+ years of marketing/product management experience, handling marketing, promotions or loyalty programs for a consumer facing, ideally e-commerce or retail business of significant scale
An experienced planner and project manager, with strong cross-team coordination skills. Must be comfortable operating at different levels in the organization, and across various teams – retail, creative, finance, analytics, product and so on.
Strong data-driven decision-making skills, with demonstrated ability to dive deep into customer data and translate insights into opportunities.
Strong written and verbal communication skills, ability to articulate ideas and persuade stakeholders.
Strong organizational skills; able to manage multiple projects simultaneously and strong attention to detail.
An ambitious self-starter with excellent communication and follow-through skills.
Demonstrated ability and willingness to roll up sleeves and execute to get the job done
Ability to work successfully in an ever-changing environment with competing priorities
Fluent communication in both English & Vietnamese.
Qualifications in Business Administration, Marketing.
8+ years of marketing/product management experience, handling marketing, promotions or loyalty programs for a consumer facing, ideally e-commerce or retail business of significant scale
An experienced planner and project manager, with strong cross-team coordination skills. Must be comfortable operating at different levels in the organization, and across various teams – retail, creative, finance, analytics, product and so on.
Strong data-driven decision-making skills, with demonstrated ability to dive deep into customer data and translate insights into opportunities.
Strong written and verbal communication skills, ability to articulate ideas and persuade stakeholders.
Ability to think and influence both quantitatively and qualitatively.
Strong organizational skills; able to manage multiple projects simultaneously and strong attention to detail.
An ambitious self-starter with excellent communication and follow-through skills.
Demonstrated ability and willingness to roll up sleeves and execute to get the job don
Ability to work successfully in an ever-changing environment with competing priorities
Demonstrated track record of creative problem solving.
Quick thinker with the ability to operate with a commercial and customer-focused view
Fluent communication in both English & Vietnamese.

