Experience with delivering accurate and insightful business reporting and applying critical thinking to data to problem solve and drive business performance.
Experience with using SQL queries for data extraction and manipulation.
Willingness to learn new thing (R, Python) and solving problem using cutting edge technology (BigQuery).
Has a passion for e-commerce.
Be result-driven, precise, detail oriented, able to work under pressure and under tight timelines.
A minimum 2 years experience with Python is required.
Ability to deep dive & analyze problems and propose an end to end solutions.
Working knowledge of message queue, streaming process, and scalable data stores is a plus
Experienced with data pipeline and workflow management, also big data tools: Azkaban, Luigi, Airflow, Hadoop, Spark, Kafka is a big plus.
Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as k-NN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Trees 
Excellent knowledge of Python and its math and data science libraries such as scikit, xgboost, pandas, etc 
Knowledge of C++ and/or Java is a plus 
Knowledge of statistics is a plus 
Knowledge of SQL is a plus 
Experience with cloud services is a plus 
Excellent communication skills (fluency in English language is a plus)
Excellent problem-solving skills and Data driven mind-set
Comfortable with handling ambiguity and willingness to keep learning
Deep customer focus
Strong sense of ownership
Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as k-NN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Trees
Excellent knowledge of Python and its math and data science libraries such as scikit, xgboost, pandas, etc
Knowledge of C++ and/or Java is a plus
Knowledge of statistics is a plus
Knowledge of SQL is a plus
Experience with cloud services is a plus
Bachelor’s degree in Accounting, Finance or related fields.
4~5 years of related experience.
Highly analytical and ability to analyse large data sets to extract actionable insights in order to provide creative recommendations to management and business partners
Highly proficiency in Excel and SQL is a must, knowledge of Python or R is a plus
Highly curious, logical, self-motivated, independent, proactive, and result oriented
Ability to work cross-functionally, to thrive in a dynamic and fast-paced environment, and to manage and prioritize multiple projects with tight deadlines
Demonstrate strong leadership skill, with exceptional interpersonal and communication skills (both written and verbal) to influence other leaders in Finance and the business.
Fluent in English.
Good negotiation, excellent in written, communication and presentation skills
Strong admin and organizational skills
Bachelor Degree is required
Minimum 2-year experience in finance industry
Desired skill-sets include MS Excel
Experience with delivering accurate and insightful business reporting and applying critical thinking to data to problem solve and drive business performance.
Experience with using SQL queries for data extraction and manipulation is a plus
Has a passion for e-commerce.
Be result-driven, precise, detail oriented, able to work under pressure and under tight timelines.
1-3 years of related work experience
Online e-commerce experience is a plus
Strong Microsoft Office skills [Excel, Word, Power Point]
Strong communication skills (oral and written) in English.
Excellent problem-solving skills, critical thinking and analytical skills
Interest in setting up and improving processes
Demonstrated ability to translate customer needs into business and product requirements
Able to prioritize complex deliverable.
Detail-oriented and strong follow-through
Enthusiasm for e-commerce and platform operations and its opportunities
University graduate with relevant bachelor/Master degree (Operations
Background)
Preferably 3-8+ year of proven career track in Platform Operations and Supply
Chain Management, consulting, e-commerce.
Data driven leadership
Outstanding communication and interpersonal skills. Superior verbal and written
communications.
Proven ability to manage multiple, competing priorities simultaneously.
High attention to detail including precise and effective customer communications
Demonstrated results
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor's degree
6+ years of experience in sales or account management
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
Experience in a highly analytical, results-oriented environment with external customer interaction.
Proven analytical skills and demonstrated ability to manage the business “by the numbers”. Must be metrics-driven.
Excellent written and oral communication and presentation skills and the ability to express thoughts logically and succinctly. Demonstrated active listening skills, highly consultative and solutions-oriented.
Deep understanding of and passion for eCommerce desired
Experience with e-commerce, retail, advertising, or media would be an advantage
Prior experience influencing C-level executives is highly desirable.
Entrepreneurial drive and demonstrated ability to achieve stretch goals in an innovative and fast-paced environment.
MBA preferred.

